Destination Snowflake Cortex: SQL Processor Refactor (#38337)
airbytehq/airbyte: docs/integrations/destinations/snowflake-cortex.md

There are three parts to this:
* Processing - split up individual records in chunks so they will fit the context window and decide which fields to use as context and which are supplementary metadata.
* Embedding - convert the text into a vector representation using a pre-trained model (Currently, OpenAI's `text-embedding-ada-002` and Cohere's `embed-english-light-v2.0` are supported. Coming soon: Hugging Face's `e5-base-v2`).

> * Snowflake Connection - where to store the vectors the Snowflake table with the `VECTOR` data type.

Author: ```suggestion
* Snowflake Connection - where to store the vectors. This configures a vector store using Snowflake tables having the `VECTOR` data type.
```
